hello everybody I'm playing Airmech in
this video as you can see by these
fantastically designed litotes here
we're only using tangos and that these
two guys right here that are pointing at
the policing crows sama look pretty
hardcore
also school I'm actually the other guy
left so this guy joined so he's pretty
good too
I think everyone he's just kind of
opting to use a single unit but the
point of this video is that we're gonna
use tangos and also some things I'll
write it in this latest patch like the
MMO bomb pet and the shark Angel looking
fresh AF right there so let's do it up
I'm gonna start so this video is like a
throwback to my earlier aromatic videos
you know what they were creeper is only
an already party and stuff like that boo
boo we probably don't want them crossing
MIT at all because they'll die to the
unit's there but I all right oh geez so
I want to like control bees alright yeah
go for it guys awesome this is the push
oh wow there's actually nothing here ooh
ooh salty
they're gonna be salty when this game is
over and done because we're wrecking
wrecking slide we're going at it
a police ooh ooh ooh Popham oh wow
didn't even shoot Lee have a shot I mean
I think it did but yeah like auto
targeted or something else I got him got
him doh one of those hit its I gonna put
these in the butt of a bass whoops you
press the wrong button drop you
oh but now they're not shooting the
corner this is just awful where did my
head go oh flying blind what did I do
I literally can't even ain't my thing
look at that you see what's happening
there I can't see anything bye bye bye I
can't see my health bye bye bye oh my
gosh I'm sorry
wait'll I get my oh ooh there it is now
we're talking gonna get my damage which
is actually just the nerfed I think in
his latest patch cuz everyone's
commenting about the Angels sniper but
they change the loadouts and stuff and
how at targets so I mean load times load
cooldowns there we go not loads so yeah
everything should be pretty decently
balanced while the
taking a long time to come in let him
build more tangos yeah yeah oh is he
trying to death-ray it stop you talk
get hit mmm he did no way
Connor just lagged out or drew Connor
Wow Wow Wow okay we just gotta send
everything now hey I gotta go start
popping the vase full over there he was
doing a fair bit for this team oh that's
such butts man we had it at least his
freakin Connor bot tries Oh
here's the here's the Horde got a buddy
buddy block oh my gosh oh he needs to
die man take off take off ooh ooh ooh
again Oh Brava got him even good or even
good not good er that's not a word at
all I have to land with them and do
everything I can but my frickin gun
won't stay held down Oh
you're seeing that like you're seeing
how it's well my goodness I'm getting
massive like saying outs like Wiggin out
and going boo boo boo boo boo boo boo
buzz if he can't really decide if he
wants to pull his gun or not you know
this has to be at man we can't take
another another chance we are now in
imminent danger and Conor buster Soph
getting himself Mert alized so so I'm
gonna shamelessly upload this Lou oh wow
this game this game Airmech everybody
when you sign up use my referral code
and we can I get pilots and art and
things at it with a narrow area on art I
mean and things added to the game I'm so
out of it man I gave up on this game
like five minutes ago
guess I'll just pop these things one by
one because the Angels great for when
your enemy puts a billion freaking
tangos in the room which never literally
literally never happens oh that as a
ninja class now the loopty-loop there's
something that's in the patch notes
well-fought battle rabbit and bot oh
he's gonna know we're gonna get into the
lobby he's gonna be like uh that oak
what are you talking about my snipe
can't even like be held up my angel
doesn't know how to hold its gun this is
what happens when you get like when
she's like sharks can't hold guns you
don't get a shark skin to play a serious
game that's redonk
last edge he would be 2 feet of new
endgame screen and even new new one
rabbit as the game okay hey I found a
five ball I think I already have that
that's awesome
what a worth it way to spend my time
okay that was a clap I claps but you
can't see me I should do facecam thank
you everybody for watching this video if
you wanna subscribe do that if you wanna
invite your friends to the game do that
everyone player Mac give Carbon games
all your money thank you very much bye
bye the end